Migrating Spark .NET docs for debugging and building application (#16506)
dotnet/docs: docs/spark/how-to-guides/windows-instructions.md

> ---

Reviewer: This doc is **very similar** to the ["Get started" tutorial](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/spark/tutorials/get-started), which also explains how to prepare a Windows environment for .NET for Apache Spark. Could we just link to the first part of that document rather than repeating it here? Or if we do want to repeat it, we should explain the steps in the same wording/format as we do in that doc to be consistent.

Author: The "Get started" tutorial has mostly same steps, except it is missing installation of Apache Maven. I can change the wording/format in this doc to match that to be consistent.

title: Build a .NET for Apache Spark application on Windows
description: Learn how to build your .NET for Apache Spark application on Windows.
ms.date: 01/02/2020
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.custom: mvc,how-to
---

# Learn how to build your .NET for Apache Spark application on Windows

> 

Author: Should I change the title to say that or add that line? Seems like content wise they are saying the same thing?

> 

Reviewer: Yeah on second review, maybe you can just leave as-is? The other how-to's include an intro sentence like this, but since it'd end up just duplicating the title essentially, it's probably fine to just ignore this suggestion :)

        ```

        </details>

  6. Install **[WinUtils](https://github.com/steveloughran/winutils)**.
     - Download `winutils.exe` binary from [WinUtils repository](https://github.com/steveloughran/winutils). You should select the version of Hadoop the Spark distribution was compiled with, e.g. use hadoop-2.7.1 for Spark 2.3.2.
     - Save `winutils.exe` binary to a directory of your choice e.g., `c:\hadoop\bin`.
     - Set `HADOOP_HOME` to reflect the directory with winutils.exe (without bin). For instance, using command-line:

       ```powershell
       set HADOOP_HOME=c:\hadoop
       ```

     - Set PATH environment variable to include `%HADOOP_HOME%\bin`. For instance, using command-line:

       ```powershell
       set PATH=%HADOOP_HOME%\bin;%PATH%
       ```

Make sure you are able to run `dotnet`, `java`, `mvn`, `spark-shell` from your command-line before you move to the next section. Feel there is a better way? Please [open an issue](https://github.com/dotnet/spark/issues) and feel free to contribute.

> [!NOTE]
> A new instance of the command-line may be required if any environment variables were updated.

> 

Reviewer: From this point up, I'd either remove it and link to the ["Get started" tutorial](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/spark/tutorials/get-started) instead, or rework it to match that tutorial for consistency (unless I'm missing something and they work toward different goals).

## Build

> For the rest of the section, it is assumed that you have cloned the .NET for Apache Spark repository into your machine e.g., `c:\github\dotnet-spark\`.

Reviewer: "It is assumed" might sound intimidating to new users (i.e. "if we're making assumptions, what else have I missed? Is the command below enough to clone the repo or are there other cloning steps I'm assumed to have done?").

```suggestion
For the remainder of this guide, you will need to have cloned the .NET for Apache Spark repository into your machine. You can choose any location for the cloned repository, e.g., `C:\github\dotnet-spark\`.
```

Author: Makes sense. Will make this change, thanks!

```bash

> git clone https://github.com/dotnet/spark.git c:\github\dotnet-spark

Reviewer: ```suggestion
git clone https://github.com/dotnet/spark.git C:\github\dotnet-spark
```

```

> ### Build Spark .NET Scala extensions layer

Reviewer: We need to say ".NET for Apache Spark" or ".NET for Spark" publicly.

```suggestion
### Build .NET for Spark Scala extensions layer
```

> When you submit a .NET application, Spark .NET has the necessary logic written in Scala that inform Apache Spark how to handle your requests (e.g., request to create a new Spark Session, request to transfer data from .NET side to JVM side etc.). This logic can be found in the [Spark .NET Scala Source Code](https://github.com/dotnet/spark/tree/master/src/scala).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you submit a .NET application, .NET for Spark has the necessary logic written in Scala that informs Apache Spark how to handle your requests (e.g., request to create a new Spark Session, request to transfer data from .NET side to JVM side, etc.). This logic can be found in the [.NET for Spark Scala Source Code](https://github.com/dotnet/spark/tree/master/src/scala).
```

> Regardless of whether you are using .NET Framework or .NET Core, you will need to build the Spark .NET Scala extension layer. This is easy to do:

Reviewer: I think we also veer away from saying "easy to do" in case it isn't easy for all users?

```suggestion
Regardless of whether you are using .NET Framework or .NET Core, you will need to build the .NET for Spark Scala extension layer:
```

Author: Good point, thanks for the suggestion, will make the change.

```powershell
cd src\scala
mvn clean package 
```

You should see JARs created for the supported Spark versions:

* `microsoft-spark-2.3.x\target\microsoft-spark-2.3.x-<version>.jar`
* `microsoft-spark-2.4.x\target\microsoft-spark-2.4.x-<version>.jar`

> ### Build a .NET samples application

Reviewer: Could we provide a sentence/short paragraph about what this means? i.e. Introduce and link to the samples.

Reviewer: Also perhaps reword this title? Something like "Build a sample application" or "Build the .NET for Spark sample apps"

Author: How about ->
This section explains how to build the [sample applications](*link to apps in Spark .NET github repo*) for .NET for Apache Spark. These steps will help in understanding the overall building process for any .NET for Spark application.

#### Using Visual Studio for .NET Framework

  1. Open `src\csharp\Microsoft.Spark.sln` in Visual Studio and build the `Microsoft.Spark.CSharp.Examples` project under the `examples` folder (this will in turn build the .NET bindings project as well). If you want, you can write your own code in the `Microsoft.Spark.Examples` project:
  

>       ```csharp

Reviewer: Can't tell if this block of code has extra indentation to the left of each line?

Author: It looks that way on the editor, however it looks fine when rendered.

        // Instantiate a session
        var spark = SparkSession
            .Builder()
            .AppName("Hello Spark!")
            .GetOrCreate();

>         var df = spark.Read().Json(args[0]);

Reviewer: Is there a reason we're using `var` instead of `DataFrame`? Also, could we add a comment on top of this line (to be consistent since the other segments have comments), i.e. `// Create initial DataFrame`?

Reviewer: What input file should users include? What is it named (could we use that name instead of `args[0]` to be more precise, where should it be stored)?

        // Print schema
        df.PrintSchema();

        // Apply a filter and show results
        df.Filter(df["age"] > 21).Show();
      ```

>      Once the build is successfuly, you will see the appropriate binaries produced in the output directory.     

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     Once the build is successful, you will see the appropriate binaries produced in the output directory.     
```

        -a----        3/16/2019  12:00 AM          13824 Microsoft.Spark.CSharp.Examples.exe
        -a----        3/16/2019  12:00 AM          19423 Microsoft.Spark.CSharp.Examples.exe.config
        -a----        3/16/2019  12:00 AM           2720 Microsoft.Spark.CSharp.Examples.pdb
        -a----        3/16/2019  12:00 AM         143360 Microsoft.Spark.dll
        -a----        3/16/2019  12:00 AM          63388 Microsoft.Spark.pdb
        -a----        3/16/2019  12:00 AM          34304 Microsoft.Spark.Worker.exe
        -a----        3/16/2019  12:00 AM          19423 Microsoft.Spark.Worker.exe.config
        -a----        3/16/2019  12:00 AM          11900 Microsoft.Spark.Worker.pdb
        -a----        3/16/2019  12:00 AM          23552 Microsoft.Spark.Worker.xml
        -a----        3/16/2019  12:00 AM         332363 Microsoft.Spark.xml
        ------------------------------------------- More framework files -------------------------------------
      ```     

#### Using .NET Core CLI for .NET Core

> [!NOTE]
> We are currently working on automating .NET Core builds for Spark .NET. Until then, we appreciate your patience in performing some of the steps manually.

>   1. Build the worker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1. Build the worker:
```

      ```powershell
      cd C:\github\dotnet-spark\src\csharp\Microsoft.Spark.Worker\
      dotnet publish -f netcoreapp2.1 -r win10-x64
      ```
      
      Sample console output:

      ```powershell
      PS C:\github\dotnet-spark\src\csharp\Microsoft.Spark.Worker> dotnet publish -f netcoreapp2.1 -r win10-x64
      Microsoft (R) Build Engine version 16.0.462+g62fb89029d for .NET Core
      Copyright (C) Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.

        Restore completed in 299.95 ms for C:\github\dotnet-spark\src\csharp\Microsoft.Spark\Microsoft.Spark.csproj.
        Restore completed in 306.62 ms for C:\github\dotnet-spark\src\csharp\Microsoft.Spark.Worker\Microsoft.Spark.Worker.csproj.
        Microsoft.Spark -> C:\github\dotnet-spark\artifacts\bin\Microsoft.Spark\Debug\netstandard2.0\Microsoft.Spark.dll
        Microsoft.Spark.Worker -> C:\github\dotnet-spark\artifacts\bin\Microsoft.Spark.Worker\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\win10-x64\Microsoft.Spark.Worker.dll
        Microsoft.Spark.Worker -> C:\github\dotnet-spark\artifacts\bin\Microsoft.Spark.Worker\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\win10-x64\publish\
      ```    

>   2. Build the samples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  2. Build the samples:
```

      ```powershell
      cd C:\github\dotnet-spark\examples\Microsoft.Spark.CSharp.Examples\
      dotnet publish -f netcoreapp2.1 -r win10-x64
      ```
   
      Sample console output:

      ```powershell
      PS C:\github\dotnet-spark\examples\Microsoft.Spark.CSharp.Examples> dotnet publish -f netcoreapp2.1 -r win10-x64
      Microsoft (R) Build Engine version 16.0.462+g62fb89029d for .NET Core
      Copyright (C) Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.

        Restore completed in 44.22 ms for C:\github\dotnet-spark\src\csharp\Microsoft.Spark\Microsoft.Spark.csproj.
        Restore completed in 336.94 ms for C:\github\dotnet-spark\examples\Microsoft.Spark.CSharp.Examples\Microsoft.Spark.CSharp.Examples.csproj.
        Microsoft.Spark -> C:\github\dotnet-spark\artifacts\bin\Microsoft.Spark\Debug\netstandard2.0\Microsoft.Spark.dll
        Microsoft.Spark.CSharp.Examples -> C:\github\dotnet-spark\artifacts\bin\Microsoft.Spark.CSharp.Examples\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\win10-x64\Microsoft.Spark.CSharp.Examples.dll
        Microsoft.Spark.CSharp.Examples -> C:\github\dotnet-spark\artifacts\bin\Microsoft.Spark.CSharp.Examples\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\win10-x64\publish\
      ```     

> ## Run samples

Reviewer: Whatever the final header ends up being for "Build a .NET samples application," I'd reword this header to be more consistent, i.e. "Run the .NET for Spark samples"

> Once you build the samples, running them will be through `spark-submit` regardless of whether you are targeting .NET Framework or .NET Core apps. Make sure you have followed the [prerequisites](#prerequisites) section and installed Apache Spark.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you build the samples, running them will be through `spark-submit` regardless of whether you are targeting .NET Framework or .NET Core. Make sure you have followed the [prerequisites](#prerequisites) section and installed Apache Spark.
```

>   1. Set the `DOTNET_WORKER_DIR` or `PATH` environment variable to include the path where the `Microsoft.Spark.Worker` binary has been generated (e.g., `c:\github\dotnet\spark\artifacts\bin\Microsoft.Spark.Worker\Debug\net461` for .NET Framework, `c:\github\dotnet-spark\artifacts\bin\Microsoft.Spark.Worker\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\win10-x64\publish` for .NET Core).

Reviewer: It'd be great to include the command or a screenshot of how to do this.

Reviewer: Also would change the sample paths to have capital "C:" (since I believe that's how we write out most of our paths/commands?)

>   2. Open Powershell and go to the directory where your app binary has been generated (e.g., `c:\github\dotnet\spark\artifacts\bin\Microsoft.Spark.CSharp.Examples\Debug\net461` for .NET Framework, `c:\github\dotnet-spark\artifacts\bin\Microsoft.Spark.CSharp.Examples\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\win10-x64\publish` for .NET Core).

Reviewer: Would include an example command here as well. Also would change the sample paths to have capital "C:" (since I believe that's how we write out most of our paths/commands?)

         --master local `
         C:\github\dotnet-spark\src\scala\microsoft-spark-<version>\target\microsoft-spark-<version>.jar `
         Microsoft.Spark.CSharp.Examples.exe Sql.Streaming.StructuredKafkaWordCount localhost:9092 subscribe test
         ```

     - **[Microsoft.Spark.Examples.Sql.Streaming.StructuredKafkaWordCount (jars provided)](https://github.com/dotnet/spark/blob/master/examples/Microsoft.Spark.CSharp.Examples/Sql/Streaming/StructuredKafkaWordCount.cs)**

         ```powershell
         spark-submit.cmd 
         --jars path\to\net.jpountz.lz4\lz4-1.3.0.jar,path\to\org.apache.kafka\kafka-clients-0.10.0.1.jar,path\to\org.apache.spark\spark-sql-kafka-0-10_2.11-2.3.2.jar,`path\to\org.slf4j\slf4j-api-1.7.6.jar,path\to\org.spark-project.spark\unused-1.0.0.jar,path\to\org.xerial.snappy\snappy-java-1.1.2.6.jar `
         --class org.apache.spark.deploy.dotnet.DotnetRunner `
         --master local `
         C:\github\dotnet-spark\src\scala\microsoft-spark-<version>\target\microsoft-spark-<version>.jar `
         Microsoft.Spark.CSharp.Examples.exe Sql.Streaming.StructuredKafkaWordCount localhost:9092 subscribe test
          ```

> Feel this experience is complicated? Help us by taking up [Simplify User Experience for Running an App](https://github.com/dotnet/spark/issues/6).

Reviewer: This line doesn't seem necessary? Also, it links to a merged PR (not sure if that is the correct link).

---
title: Build a .NET for Apache Spark application on Windows
description: Learn how to build your .NET for Apache Spark application on Windows.
ms.date: 01/02/2020
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.custom: mvc,how-to
---

# Learn how to build your .NET for Apache Spark application on Windows

## Prerequisites

> If you already have all the prerequisites, skip to the [build](#Build) steps below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you already have all the prerequisites, skip to the [build](#build) steps below.
```

     * .NET desktop development
       * All Required Components
         * .NET Framework 4.6.1 Development Tools
     * .NET Core cross-platform development
       * All Required Components
  3. Install **[Java 1.8](https://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/jdk8-downloads-2133151.html)**. 
     - Select the appropriate version for your operating system e.g., jdk-8u201-windows-x64.exe for Win x64 machine.
     - Install using the installer and verify you are able to run `java` from your command-line.
  4. Install **[Apache Maven 3.6.0+](https://maven.apache.org/download.cgi)**.
     - Download [Apache Maven 3.6.0](http://mirror.metrocast.net/apache/maven/maven-3/3.6.0/binaries/apache-maven-3.6.0-bin.zip).
     - Extract to a local directory e.g., `c:\bin\apache-maven-3.6.0\`.
     - Add Apache Maven to your [PATH environment variable](https://www.java.com/en/download/help/path.xml) e.g., `c:\bin\apache-maven-3.6.0\bin`.
     - Verify you are able to run `mvn` from your command-line.

>   5. Install **[Apache Spark 2.3+](https://spark.apache.org/downloads.html)**.

Reviewer: Same comment as Ubuntu how-to: do they have to use 2.3? Could we list other compatible Spark versions?

     - Download [Apache Spark 2.3+](https://spark.apache.org/downloads.html) and extract it into a local folder (e.g., `c:\bin\spark-2.3.2-bin-hadoop2.7\`) using [7-zip](https://www.7-zip.org/).

>      - Add Apache Spark to your [PATH environment variable](https://www.java.com/en/download/help/path.xml) e.g., `c:\bin\spark-2.3.2-bin-hadoop2.7\bin`.

Reviewer: Should we include an example of how to add to the PATH?

Author: I feel like that is what the provided link is doing, and it is very detailed.

Author: Added the commands to do that.

>      - Add a [new environment variable](https://www.java.com/en/download/help/path.xml) `SPARK_HOME` e.g., `C:\bin\spark-2.3.2-bin-hadoop2.7\`.

Reviewer: Should we include an example of how to add this new environment variable?

Author: Same comment as above, I think the link is pretty self-explanatory but please let me know if you would prefer to have that information in this doc as well.

Author: Added the commands as per instruction, I moved the ordering so it makes more sense and lines up with the steps in Hadoop section.

     - Verify you are able to run `spark-shell` from your command-line.        
        Sample console output:

        ```
        Welcome to
              ____              __
             / __/__  ___ _____/ /__
            _\ \/ _ \/ _ `/ __/  '_/
           /___/ .__/\_,_/_/ /_/\_\   version 2.3.2
              /_/

        Using Scala version 2.11.8 (Java HotSpot(TM) 64-Bit Server VM, Java 1.8.0_201)
        Type in expressions to have them evaluated.
        Type :help for more information.

        scala> sc
        res0: org.apache.spark.SparkContext = org.apache.spark.SparkContext@6eaa6b0c
        ```

        </details>

  6. Install **[WinUtils](https://github.com/steveloughran/winutils)**.

>      - Download `winutils.exe` binary from [WinUtils repository](https://github.com/steveloughran/winutils). You should select the version of Hadoop the Spark distribution was compiled with, e.g. use hadoop-2.7.1 for Spark 2.3.2.

Reviewer: Is there a list/link/doc/screenshot for how to tell the version of Hadoop the Spark distribution was compiled with (i.e. in case a user doesn't choose Spark 2.3.2, they still know which version of winutils to download)?

Author: I don't think there is a link like that, but the user will select the spark version one step before and that tells them what hadoop it compiles with so should be ok. What do you think?

Reviewer: Ahh I remember now that there's some sort of Hadoop folder with a version label when you download Spark, right? This should be fine then!

>      - Save `winutils.exe` binary to a directory of your choice e.g., `c:\hadoop\bin`.

Reviewer: What does saving the binary mean? Is it just placing `winutils.exe` into a folder like C:\hadoop\bin?

Author: Yes

>      - Set `HADOOP_HOME` to reflect the directory with winutils.exe (without bin). For instance, using command-line:

Reviewer: This command and the one below are great examples - this is what I thought might be useful to add as examples of setting PATH/environment variables above.

Author: ok sure will add that.

---

> title: Building .NET for Apache Sapark application on Windows

Reviewer 2: I'm not going to review this file. The SAME suggestions of ubuntu-instructions can be applied here.
Besides that, I think it's better to combine both articles into one. That way, it'll be easier to maintain, I think.

```suggestion
title: Build .NET for Apache Spark application on Windows
```

> title: Building .NET for Apache Sapark application on Windows

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
title: Build a .NET for Apache Spark application on Windows
```

> description: Learn how to build your .NET for Apache Spark application on Windows

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to build your .NET for Apache Spark application on Windows.
```

ms.date: 01/02/2020
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.custom: mvc,how-to
---

> # Table of Contents

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
# Learn how to build your .NET for Apache Spark application on Windows
```

- [Open Issues](#open-issues)
- [Pre-requisites](#pre-requisites)
- [Building](#building)
  - [Building Spark .NET Scala Extensions Layer](#building-spark-net-scala-extensions-layer)
  - [Building .NET Samples Application](#building-net-samples-application)
    - [Using Visual Studio for .NET Framework](#using-visual-studio-for-net-framework)
    - [Using .NET Core CLI for .NET Core](#using-net-core-cli-for-net-core)

> - [Run Samples](#run-samples)

Reviewer 3: Remove this section

## Open Issues:
- [Allow users to choose which .NET framework to build for]()
- [Building through Visual Studio Code]()

> - [Building fully automatically through .NET Core CLI]()

Reviewer 3: Move to end of article and rename "Known issues and limitations"

> ## Pre-requisites:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Prerequisites
```

> If you already have all the pre-requisites, skip to the [build](windows-instructions.md#building) steps below.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you already have all the prerequisites, skip to the [build](#building) steps below.
```

  1. Download and install the **[.NET Core SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/dotnet-core/2.1)** - installing the SDK will add the `dotnet` toolchain to your path. .NET Core 2.1, 2.2 and 3.0 preview are supported.
  2. Install **[Visual Studio 2019](https://www.visualstudio.com/downloads/)** (Version 16.3 or later). The Community version is completely free. When configuring your installation, include these components at minimum:
     * .NET desktop development
       * All Required Components
         * .NET Framework 4.6.1 Development Tools
     * .NET Core cross-platform development	
       * All Required Components

>   3. Install **[Java 1.8](https://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/jdk8-downloads-2133151.html)** 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  3. Install **[Java 1.8](https://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/jdk8-downloads-2133151.html)** .
```

     - Select the appropriate version for your operating system e.g., jdk-8u201-windows-x64.exe for Win x64 machine.

>      - Install using the installer and verify you are able to run `java` from your command-line

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
     - Install using the installer and verify you are able to run `java` from your command-line.
```

>   4. Install **[Apache Maven 3.6.0+](https://maven.apache.org/download.cgi)**

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  4. Install **[Apache Maven 3.6.0+](https://maven.apache.org/download.cgi)**.
```

>      - Download [Apache Maven 3.6.0](http://mirror.metrocast.net/apache/maven/maven-3/3.6.0/binaries/apache-maven-3.6.0-bin.zip)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
     - Download [Apache Maven 3.6.0](http://mirror.metrocast.net/apache/maven/maven-3/3.6.0/binaries/apache-maven-3.6.0-bin.zip).
```

>      - Extract to a local directory e.g., `c:\bin\apache-maven-3.6.0\`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
     - Extract to a local directory e.g., `c:\bin\apache-maven-3.6.0\`.
```

>      - Add Apache Maven to your [PATH environment variable](https://www.java.com/en/download/help/path.xml) e.g., `c:\bin\apache-maven-3.6.0\bin`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
     - Add Apache Maven to your [PATH environment variable](https://www.java.com/en/download/help/path.xml) e.g., `c:\bin\apache-maven-3.6.0\bin`.
```

>      - Verify you are able to run `mvn` from your command-line

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
     - Verify you are able to run `mvn` from your command-line.
```

>   5. Install **[Apache Spark 2.3+](https://spark.apache.org/downloads.html)**

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  5. Install **[Apache Spark 2.3+](https://spark.apache.org/downloads.html)**.
```

            _\ \/ _ \/ _ `/ __/  '_/
           /___/ .__/\_,_/_/ /_/\_\   version 2.3.2
              /_/

        Using Scala version 2.11.8 (Java HotSpot(TM) 64-Bit Server VM, Java 1.8.0_201)
        Type in expressions to have them evaluated.
        Type :help for more information.

        scala> sc
        res0: org.apache.spark.SparkContext = org.apache.spark.SparkContext@6eaa6b0c
        ```

        </details>

  6. Install **[WinUtils](https://github.com/steveloughran/winutils)**
     - Download `winutils.exe` binary from [WinUtils repository](https://github.com/steveloughran/winutils). You should select the version of Hadoop the Spark distribution was compiled with, e.g. use hadoop-2.7.1 for Spark 2.3.2.
     - Save `winutils.exe` binary to a directory of your choice e.g., `c:\hadoop\bin`
     - Set `HADOOP_HOME` to reflect the directory with winutils.exe (without bin). For instance, using command-line:

       ```powershell
       set HADOOP_HOME=c:\hadoop
       ```

     - Set PATH environment variable to include `%HADOOP_HOME%\bin`. For instance, using command-line:

       ```powershell
       set PATH=%HADOOP_HOME%\bin;%PATH%
       ```

> Please make sure you are able to run `dotnet`, `java`, `mvn`, `spark-shell` from your command-line before you move to the next section. Feel there is a better way? Please [open an issue](https://github.com/dotnet/spark/issues) and feel free to contribute.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Make sure you are able to run `dotnet`, `java`, `mvn`, `spark-shell` from your command-line before you move to the next section. Feel there is a better way? Please [open an issue](https://github.com/dotnet/spark/issues) and feel free to contribute.
```
